Alright now. In this video, what we wanna do is create a new customer. We're
gonna set up the RESTful endpoint for
that. Now, I've gone in and coded the
infrastructure to support that. If we
come in take a look at the
CustomerService, you can see that I've added in a
createNewCustomer and that takes in a
CustomerDTO. And now, if we trace us
through, I've added in a new method here
on line 48, that is gonna create
the new customer. So what that does is it
takes in a CustomerDTO object,
converts it to Customer, then saves
it, and then takes that return value
converts it back to a DTO
and calculates the URL based on the ID
and returns that DTO object to the
controller. To do this, we did have to
change the Mapper. So this is a new
implementation here to convert that on
over. And we're gonna click through to
the mapper to take a look at that new
implementation. You can see, because I
have the property names the same, I don't
have to do anything.
So, MapStruct is gonna generate that for
us. And just a quick tip, if you ever have
problems where as saying it's not found
there, go in here and do a compile step
and that will generate that class.
Sometimes I'm noticing the test. If you
write a test looking for that right away
you don't may not get it right away. So
expect it to work but sometimes it does
trip up the id, being that class
is getting generated at compile time. So
now, that's the mapper and that's
the service implementation. So the
service doesn't change. Now I've added in
a couple things here to the test. So we
created a new test that we're doing a
createNewCustomer that goes out. And we
are mimicking the repository action.
There was Mockito there, on line 88 to
return back a saved Customer object, and
then we go through and test make sure
that we get the proper URL value. Next up
is we have our CustomerTest. I'm
doing a createNewCustomer and this is
on the controller. So we're gonna test
that. But I have not implemented it yet.
And one thing that I did add here is
that we wanna convert to a JSON object,
and I create a new abstract class here,
that we can share amongst our other
controller tests. So this is AbstractRestControllerTest and I'm adding in a
helper there, where I can pass in an
object and we're gonna use Jackson to
return back the JSON String because
that's what we wanna be doing here in
our controller test is that we're gonna
take the CustomerDTO
object and generate a property of that
and get that JSON string. So right here
on line 98, it's where we're generating
the JSON body that we will be doing a
put to create that new object. So just as
a quick refresher, let's take a look at
at the post here. So we are gonna do a
post. Actually that's an error on my
test. We want that to be a post rather
than a put. So a little correction there
on my test but it's going to fail either
way because we wanna do a post to
create a new customer. Now if I run my
test, you can see that it's going to fail
because I have not implemented that
method on the controller yet. So you can
see that that did fail it's returning
back a 405 error. We're expecting it 201
CREATED. So let's go ahead and implement
that right now. Now, we're gonna
use the @PostMapping annotation.
You know, we're not gonna take in any
PathVariable on this one. Now remember,
we're gonna return back the created DTO.
And in this case, we are expecting to get
the DTO bound.
And now one thing that I need to
point out here is that we want this to
be bound automatically. To do this,
what we're gonna use is a new
annotation that we haven't seen before,
and that is called @RequestBody. As I was
gonna tell Spring MVC to look at the
body of the request, and parse it, and try
to create a CustomerDTO out of that. So
the Spring Framework is gonna
handle that for us. So let's go and run
their tests now. And this should work. Try
that one more time, and we're seeing that
we're not getting a customer_url.
So let's go ahead and debug that and see
what's wrong there. I don't think I can
hit a debugger point right there, but
let's take a look. So that is not working.
I'm gonna pause this and I'll show you
how we can get a hold of that and take a
closer look at it. Okay I had a feeling
that's what was let me stop this and
show you what I've done. Close this guy.
And I comment out our original test and
what we wanna do is we're doing the
andExpects, and those are gonna toss
out an error. So there's no good way to
put a debug point on this. So what I've
done is I've done it andReturn().getResponse.getContentAsString() so
that we can now see this. So let's go
ahead and run this in the debugger.
I'll show you what's happening here. So
the response is coming back and rather
than customer_url we're
getting customerUrl. So it's
customerUrl. So what we can do
is come over here to our CustomerDTO.
Now this..
We can just override that. So now, we get
customer_url. If I restart
that, we can see now that that property
has changed a customer_url. So let's go
ahead and stop this. Uncomment that.
Comment this out. Let's get rid of that.
Should have all our tests passing. So
that is good and actually let's go in
and run this right now.
So we'll start it up in Spring Boot.
I'm gonna come over here to the your
documentation. Grab this and see Spring
Boot is up and running. We'll go over to
postman. And now, we wanna do a post and
rather than form data, what we wanna do
is raw and we can just say paste. And we wanna say JSON, and we'll go
ahead and send that. No. That's because I
had that on there. Let's try this one
more time.
I'm gonna try to restart this just in
case something where it's got going on.
I got POST, api/v1/customers.
I've got a pause this real quick. Okay,
I went in and found out what the problem
was. So I don't have that trailing
slash and Freddy3 there. We'll get a Not
Found, but if I put that trailing slash
there, it goes okay. So what we can do is
we can make a little tweak our mapping
here. I'll show you how to do that. I'm
just gonna copy this. We'll get rid of
that trailing slash.
And now, let's
our get id as well. Let's go ahead
and restart this. Oop.. it's not there,
Come over here, so can send them
that way, That works. Make sure that we
can get rid of that slash. And that works
as well. So it just makes it a little bit
more user friendly to be able to accept
that with or without the slash. That's a
pretty finicky thing if you have your
API set up like that. Let's come in
here and make sure that all my tests do
continue passing because I did make that
small change. You know we can see that my
tests are passing, I believe. Yep all
tests passed, so that is complete. See
that completes the demonstration of how
to create a new Customer. So now, the next
thing we're gonna do is look at
updating an existing Customer.